the dark Bible compiled by Jim Walker
this Bible has updates all the time
enjoy and open your eyes enjoy about the
dark Bible back to table of contents I
made the first dark Bible in the early
1990s as a Macintosh hypercard stack and
used the alias zardoz for the author
name I had originally feared using my
own name due to veiled threats I had
received from religious zealots some of
my fears which no doubt came from my own
paranoia the inspiration of the dark
Bible first stemmed from a combination
of Venna curlies the x-rated bible and
steve allen's steve allen on the Bible
religion and morality for the purpose of
finding relevant passages that dealt
with the wrath scatological and dubious
moral teachings of God in the Bible the
Bible has served as one of the
instruments that has steered me away
from this awful religion hopefully the
dark Bible will do the same for others I
first distributed the dark Bible from my
now ancient miami-based freethinkers BBS
in the old days before the internet
people use their modems to dial up to
other computers in their homes they
called these bulletin board services
computer users could dial up and
download the entire dark Bible stack or
an ASCII text version of it directly to
their computer various versions of the
dark Bible stack continued until the
late 90s where I put it on genies and
payal server and other VPS systems an
anonymous free thinker picked up on the
idea and converted the entire dark Bible
into an HTML based website and put it on
the world wide web for the world to see
gray I do not know who did this but I
applaud the individual or individuals
who put the effort into constructing the
web pages the dark Bible ended up on
various websites including the secular
web for short
while unfortunately due to internet
website attrition fear of copyright
infringement or who knows what the dark
Bible faded away for this reason I have
resurrected the dark Bible and put in on
my own website i have used much of the
layout from the first dark bible web
pages with modifications to text size
links updates to the text and added a
few illustrations if anyone still uses
the dark bible on their website or
wishes to use it please site where it
came from and update your HTML pages to
the latest version see the contents page
to find the latest date and version
number regards jim walker no beliefs com
hail Satan health I sell